fix: missing spacing between elements inside callouts (#295)
ArmandPhilippot/apeu: .changeset/ripe-keys-make.md

---
"apeu": patch
---

> Add spacing between the elements inside the callouts.

Author: ```suggestion
Improves readability by adding spacing between elements inside the callouts.
```
